in Moscow as part of the international exhibition
from Prodexpo 2013
there was a presentation of a new brand
pomegranate juice lily is 8 tasty
stand slogan tired of looking for real
pomegranate juice clearly reflects the mood
consumers and your health slogan
priceless
like no other is suitable for bill
pomegranate juice direct extraction because he
helps to preserve and even increase
the most valuable thing a person has
health creator creative portfolio
brand layley
made a communication agency
soltis pomegranate base of all grocery
relay brand lines
There are many legends and traditions about
a girl of incredible beauty named
poured according to legend the source of its eternal
youth were
ruby grains
over and this is exactly the very idea which
formed the basis of starting from the bottle
which we developed our own
which has a shape starting from some
interesting motifs that are included in the plot
and banner zones of the site
all this is in a general way which
created the tonality of the site and so
way the target audience which
visits the site
she gets into the brand
I'm talking about pomegranate juice and everyone from it
day i drink our juices because they
delicious natural because to me
like grenades finally convey
the concept
Organic to consumer helps
distribution of original leaflets in which
describes all the properties of pomegranate
juice produced from environmentally friendly
pure pomegranate fruit
as evidenced by international
certificates
Directly pressed pomegranate juice
trademark league for quality and
superior properties even
fresh squeezed juice
as it is made from fruits
grown without using a chemist to
the sound is just doing the best
goods from all over the world and we choose
just have the best in this world
your juices turned out to be very high quality
very correct very natural
we tried to sell and buy them and
said it is the best
in parallel with the exhibition is held
outdoor advertising company that
also reflects the basic idea of ​​trading
brands first pomegranate juice
Available in three types of packaging
glass
captions tank and pet it is done in order
to have a distinct difference from others
pomegranate juice producers as well
break Russian stereotypes consume
dynamic young company which
develops and goes forward big
I really like to work here in steps
great team great
leadership products which we
produce interesting and we look into
future high quality juice
original packaging design visual
Effect
trademark name successfully
matching the famous composition
sting
name of the eastern girl in the mouth of the Arab
singer sounds like a prayer it all
will allow trademark leyli in
the shortest time to become a sales leader